README.md, before:

IPython Notebook Viewer
-----------------------

IPython nbviewer is the web application behind [IPython Notebook Viewer](http://nbviewer.ipython.org) 
(graciously hosted by [rackspace](http://www.rackspace.com)).

You can run this package locally to get most of the feature of nbviewer on your network.

Quick Deploy
------------

If you have an heroku account, or have access to one, 
have a look at heroku-bootstrap.sh that does a quick setup of an heroku account
and set some variables:

```bash
$ ./heroku-bootstrap.sh <an-app-name>
```
```
Creating <an-app-name>... done, stack is cedar
http://<an-app-name>.herokuapp.com/ | git@heroku.com:<an-app-name>.git
Adding memcachier:dev on <an-app-name>... done, v3 (free)
MemCachier is now up and ready to go. Happy bananas!
Use `heroku addons:docs memcachier` to view documentation.
Adding newrelic:standard on <an-app-name>... done, v4 (free)
Use `heroku addons:docs newrelic` to view documentation.
Git remote <an-app-name> added
Setting config vars and restarting <an-app-name>... done, v5
LIBRARY_PATH: /app/.heroku/vendor/lib
Setting config vars and restarting <an-app-name>... done, v6
LD_LIBRARY_PATH: /app/.heroku/vendor/lib
Setting config vars and restarting <an-app-name>... done, v7
PATH: bin:app/.heroku/venv/bin:/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin
Setting config vars and restarting <an-app-name>... done, v8
BUILDPACK_URL: https://github.com/ddollar/heroku-buildpack-multi.git
```

Push the repo on your new app
```
$ git push <an-app-name> master:master
...
...
```

The application will be available under `yourappname.herokuapp.com`

If `pycurl` cannot be install, remove it from `requirement.txt`
it is not necessary.

You can eventually set the following github key to make authenticated requests to github.
This will increase the maximum number of requests you can do to github/hour.

    GITHUB_OAUTH_KEY:             xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
    GITHUB_OAUTH_SECRET:          xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

you can use `heroku config:set KEY1=VALUE1` to do so.

## Running Locally

run with 

```
$ cd <path to repo>
$ python -m nbviewer --debug --no-cache
```

This will automatically relaunch the server is a change is detected on a python file, and not cache any result.
You can then just do the modification you like to the source code and/or the templates then refresh the pages.

Commit message:

added local install section to README

README.md, after:

IPython Notebook Viewer
-----------------------

IPython nbviewer is the web application behind [IPython Notebook Viewer](http://nbviewer.ipython.org) 
(graciously hosted by [rackspace](http://www.rackspace.com)).

You can run this package locally to get most of the feature of nbviewer on your network.

Quick Deploy
------------

If you have an heroku account, or have access to one, 
have a look at heroku-bootstrap.sh that does a quick setup of an heroku account
and set some variables:

```bash
$ ./heroku-bootstrap.sh <an-app-name>
```
```
Creating <an-app-name>... done, stack is cedar
http://<an-app-name>.herokuapp.com/ | git@heroku.com:<an-app-name>.git
Adding memcachier:dev on <an-app-name>... done, v3 (free)
MemCachier is now up and ready to go. Happy bananas!
Use `heroku addons:docs memcachier` to view documentation.
Adding newrelic:standard on <an-app-name>... done, v4 (free)
Use `heroku addons:docs newrelic` to view documentation.
Git remote <an-app-name> added
Setting config vars and restarting <an-app-name>... done, v5
LIBRARY_PATH: /app/.heroku/vendor/lib
Setting config vars and restarting <an-app-name>... done, v6
LD_LIBRARY_PATH: /app/.heroku/vendor/lib
Setting config vars and restarting <an-app-name>... done, v7
PATH: bin:app/.heroku/venv/bin:/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin
Setting config vars and restarting <an-app-name>... done, v8
BUILDPACK_URL: https://github.com/ddollar/heroku-buildpack-multi.git
```

Push the repo on your new app
```
$ git push <an-app-name> master:master
...
...
```

The application will be available under `yourappname.herokuapp.com`

If `pycurl` cannot be install, remove it from `requirement.txt`
it is not necessary.

You can eventually set the following github key to make authenticated requests to github.
This will increase the maximum number of requests you can do to github/hour.

    GITHUB_OAUTH_KEY:             xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
    GITHUB_OAUTH_SECRET:          xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

you can use `heroku config:set KEY1=VALUE1` to do so.

## Install Locally

Local installation of nbviewer requires several binary packages to be installed on your system. The primary ones are `libmemcached-dev libcurl4-gnutls-dev pandoc libevent-dev`. Package names may differ on your system, see [salt-states](https://github.com/rgbkrk/salt-states-nbviewer/blob/master/nbviewer/init.sls) for more details.

If they are installed, you can install the required Python packages via pip.

`pip install -r requirements`

## Running Locally

run with 

```
$ cd <path to repo>
$ python -m nbviewer --debug --no-cache
```

This will automatically relaunch the server is a change is detected on a python file, and not cache any result.
You can then just do the modification you like to the source code and/or the templates then refresh the pages.
