.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, before:

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for nbviewer

---

Hi! Thanks for using the Jupyter Notebook Viewer (nbviewer) and thinking about ways to improve it. Please use the template below to tell us your idea.

If your suggestion is more relevant to another Jupyter project (e.g., [Jupyter Notebook](http://github.com/jupyter/notebook), [JupyterLab](http://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab), [JupyterHub](http://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub), etc.), please open an issue using that project's issue tracker instead. 

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**Additional context**
Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

Commit message:

Redo: jupyter/help for help, no general questions here

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, after:

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for nbviewer

---

Hi! Thanks for using the Jupyter Notebook Viewer (nbviewer) and thinking about ways to improve it. Please use the template below to tell us your idea.

If your suggestion is more relevant to another Jupyter project (e.g., [Jupyter Notebook](http://github.com/jupyter/notebook), [JupyterLab](http://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab), [JupyterHub](http://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub), etc.), please open an issue using that project's issue tracker instead.

If you need help using or installing Jupyter Notebook Viewer, please use the [jupyter/help](https://github.com/jupyter/help) issue tracker instead.

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**Additional context**
Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.
